2904
Chat With Vikas Aidem
Given Harvestãe™s alleged political affiliation, its promoters would surely have
known that the channel would cone under fire from authoritios if anything was
out of line. Despite this, they chose to game the system. This raises the
question&€"is Harvest a genuine long-term media play or a short-term political
one?
Permit politics
Ask any executive in the business and tell you that Lie hardest part
about launching a news channel in India is the long and tiresome permission
process. You needA permissions and clearances from at least five different
departments and ministries, and to top it all, there is no legal timeframe that
governs the process.
So, based on the whins and fancies of the departments involved (not to mention
the political party in power), the process could take anywhere from weeks to
years. Rajeev Chandrasekhar-backed Republic TV, for instance, managed to get all
its permissions sorted within a few weeks. Bloomberg Quint. on the other hand,
has been vaiting for a licence since 2017.
Starting afresh isnacmt the only struggle. Permissions are also required to
change the name or logo of a channel or if there is a change in the shareholding
or cwnership pattern of a company. In all of 2018. the I&B gave 18 permissions,
of which six were news permissions (four to Zee Media Corporation Ltd. and two
to Bennett Coleman and Company Limited (BCCL)).
879
Number of permilled private satellite channels in Incia, as of 17 December 2018
Bottom line: getting permission to run a satellite TV channel is harc. And it
only gets harder when you have Lies - the roling governmentãC™s primary
political rivalsãe"the INC. Rumours of an INC-backed news channel have been
around since at least earLy 2018, buz it cidnä€™t see the light of day, likely
because permissions are controlled by the party in power. IL should be noted
that while Rajeev Chandrasekhar was an incependent Member of Parliament at the
time of Republicã€™s launch, he already had overt ties to the ruling BJP
government and has subsequently become a nember of the BJP.
With obtaining a TV news channel licence being this difficult, the easier way to
start a channel is to simply find someone who already has a licence. Enter
Veecon Media.
As per RoC filings of the company sourced from business research platform
Tofler, Veeconã€™s shareholding has nothing to do with the INC. Despite this,
the word on the street is that it has definite ties to senior INC MP Sibal.
&€cWhile it is unclear hov Veecon and Kapil Sibal found each other, this channel
is certainly baby. There could be a difference between funding and
directorship, ac. said a senior editor at a rival channel, who asked not to be
named. A
A Veccon spokespereen denied Sibalãems or, for that matter, any Congress
involvement in Harvest TV. The spokesperson even went so far as to
declare that Veecon supported the BJP, albeit &€cewith friends on both
Sisterel 49715 SIRTUFIRTEP of
Page Nc.4
Scanned with CamScanner
