2912
Chat With Vikas Aidem
Para 4 @ Pg 4
TRAI has indicated that Lhe concerned agency has ruled out poncibility
of nautralising the influence of lancing LCN on television ratings by suitably
changing the method of measurement because it was not possible due to technical
limitationsã; ã€.
Para 14 @ Page 14
Lastly, it has been submitted that even if it was proved that distortion
in TRP is appreciable and requires some remedial action, all the alternate
options should have been sought from specialised agencies including BARC and
then an informed decision should have been taken in a transparent manner so as
to cause ninimum injury to the stakeholders, particularly, the
distributors/MSOs It was also submitted that BARC is an agency representing 60%
broadcasters, 20% advertisers and 201 advertising agencies and if BARC has any
problems relating to TRP, it should be allowed to take initiative for remedies
of the problem is genuine. It has also been subnitted that since BARC has not
taken any such initiative, it must be presumed that none of the stake holders in
BARC are adversely affected to any material extent and on this cround also the
impugned directions are arbitrary and
Fara 20 0 Page 10
However, we do kr.ow that the Authority has applied sufficient energy
and diligence in addressing technical problems faced by DARC since BARC did not
wish to change its mathodology keeping in view the international best practices.
No one can have cavil with following best practices. However, we do not known
what are the best international practices in respect or landing page or in
respect of regulation of LCNs in general.ã€
4.
It is pertinent to note that the TDSAT records in para 19 that BARC cid not
wish to change its methodology keeping in view the international best practices.
The TDSAT, apart from recording the aforesaid, had no occasion to comment upon
the methodology adopted by BARC or direct BARC to change its methodology of
calculating TRP.
5.
In view of this, I see no order or direction or reason for BARC to change
its methodology while calculating the TRP as it has been claiming to based on
best international practices.
6. Please let me know should you need any further clarification or explanation
to the above.
Regards,
Lakshmeesh S. Kamath
Advocate
6/7/19, 12:12 ?M Vikao Aidem: Hi sir, this is a senior TDSAT lawyer and it
clearly says order has no bearing on BARC and its methods
6/7/19, 12:13 PM - PDGÃO: notice to BARC? never
0/7/19, 12:13 ?M - PDGÃO, 1 are why they never acked us to depose
212127
3IRNITIRA
to
(Salial Rostof od
Page No.12
Scanned with CamScanner
