2906
Chat With Vikas Aidem
Number of people working at Harvest TV, as per the Veecon spokesperson.
Will Harvest TV finally be Veeconãe™s elusive Unlikely. Instead,
ghosts from Veeconãe"s past seen intent on knee-capping the fledgeling channel.
Same-same but different
Ever since Harvest TVã€™s launch on 26 January, a small, Kerala-based Christian
devotional TV network has been on edge. The networkãe"s name? Hervest Television
Network Private Limited, more commonly known as Harvest TV. Operational since
2013, the network owns nine Harvest trademarks and four TV channels. Its name,
though, is no coincidence.
In 2016, Veecon and Harvest Television Network allegedly entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MoU) According to the MoU, says Siji BiD1 Gecrge,
director at Harvest Television Wetwork, Harvest would lend its logo and name to
the TV licence of Veecon through a nc-objection certificate (NOC) George says
that Veecon later terminated the MoU. The reason given by Veecon, says George,
was that it had &€œdifferent business plansãe*. George also shared a copy of
this termination notice&e"dated 23 September 2017ã€"with The Ken, however, we
were unable to independently verify its authenticity. Veeconã€™s Choudhry denied
any such MoU was real. However, the Veecon spokesperson acknowledged its
existence, going so far as to say that Veecon cancelled the MoU when it realised
that &EœHarvest TV Network converts Hindus to Christiansãe.
Mirrored
If you are an Airtel DTH subscriber, youã€™ll be able to see two channels that
go by the name Halvest TV&E" one news and one Chriotian devotionaláe" on channel
numbers 386 and 872
George was surprised to see a news chanmel launched with name and
logc. &€ceNe dorãemt have any relationship with Veecor: anymore, but the company
has continued to use our trademark despite our repeated requests to not do
so,ã€ George added. In response, Harvest Television Network sent a legal notice
to Veecon Media to discontinue the use of the former&€™s branding. Harvest
Television Netvork has even sent a complaint to the I&B ministry, which was
followed up by the ministry in one o: the notices it issued to Veecon.
Itã€ not that Veecon is not ready to rebrand. The company is waiting on the
I&B ministry to approve its name change application. After Veecon terminated its
MoU with Harvest, it moved the I&B ministry to get the channel name changed to
That application has collected dust for over a year now.
a clerical job ;change of name application) which takes 15-30 days,
but the governnent has not approved the application, &€* said the Veecon
spokesperson. As such, the company decided to proceed with the Harvest TV
branding. The spokesperson claims that this is kosher since Veeconãe"s NOC from
Harvest Television Network makes no mention of a timeline regarding the use of
the trademark.
Veecon Media has also moved the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate
Tribunal (TDSAT) against she Union of India to push the name change through.
Interestingly enough, one of the attorneys for Veecon Media in the TDSAT case is
Kapil Sibalãe"s son, Amit Sibal. In a hearing on 30 January, TDSAT directed the
I&B ministry to take a cal on the application and asked Harvest Television
7742 BIRICHIKIET
Page No.6
Speteral
90
Scanned with CamScanner
