2775
Chat With Romil Ramgaria
11/28/19, 12:08 PM - Romil Ramgaria Barc: Yes ok
11/28/19, 12:41 PM - PDGÃC: Ambani Said in Talks to Sell News Assets to
Indiaã€™s Times Group
2019-11-28 06:27:05.25 GMT
By Baiju Kalesh, Anto Antony and P R Sanja:
(Bloomberg) -- Billionaire Mukesh Ambani is in talks to
sell nis news media assets to Indiaãems Tines Group, as Asiaãemo
richest man plans to unload a business thatã€™s been losing money,
people familiar with the matter said.
Bennett Coleman & Co., the publisher of the Times of India,
is looking to hire advisers for due diligence or the news
properties of Network18 Media & Investments Ltd., the
people said, asking not to be named as the discussions are
private. Ambani is considering various optlons, ranging from an
outright exit to a stake sale, one of the people said.
Talks are at an early stage and may not result in a deal,
the people said, adding more suitors may emerge. A
representative for Bennett Coleman immediately respond to
a request for comments, while a spokesman for Reliance
Industries Ltd. said the parent of Networkl8 evaluates
opportunities on an ongoing basis and declined to comment
further.
The tycoonã€³s plan to dispose of his news assets comes as he
pursues talks to sell a stake in Netvorkl8ãe™s entertainment
division that encompasses various movie, music and comedy
channels to Sony Corp. Blcomberg News reported last week that
the Japanese giant ic currently examining the books of the
Indian media company and is considering several potential deal
structures. Networkl8 reported a group loss of 1.78 billion
rupees ($25 million) in the year ended March, while its ne: debt
stocd at 2B billion rupees, according to the company.
Sony Said to Be in Talks to Buy Stake in Ambania(™s TV
Network (2)
Ambania€™3 oil-to-petrochemicals conglomerate is in the midst
of streamlining its operations and pivoting more toward
relatively new ventures such as retail and Lechnology for
revenue. Last nonth, Reliance Industries unveiled a cigital-
services holding company that would eventually provide services
from e-commerce to entertainment on a telecommunications network
built over the last few years with about $50 billion in
investment.
Netvork18, acquired by Reliance Industries in 2014, owns
and operates 56 local channels spanning news and entertainment.
News properties include MoneyControl, News18, CNBCTVL8.com
CricketNext and Firstpost Its subsidiary TV18 Broadcast Ltd.
houses news channels.
Unlisted Bennett Coleman. also known as the Times Group,
owns television channels, including Times Now and ET Now.
Besides the Tines of India, it also publishes the Economic
Times, a pink financial daily.
To contact the reporters on this story:
<744
dopt
Page No-242
Spiteral
270R
Scanned with CamScanner
