2905
Chat With Vikas Aidem
This, despite Sibal himself claiming that he was trying to set-up and finance
Harvest TV during an appearance at the Jaipur Literature Festival
When asked, Choudhry of Veecon Media said that Sibal&E™s involvement in Veecon
is limiLed LO its marketing and distribution partnersnip with Analog Kedia
Private Limited. Sibalã€™s wife, Promila, is the majority shareholder in Analog,
holding a 99.9% stake. According to cata sourced from Tofler, the company, which
was formed in October 2017, had reverues of just R$ 192 ($2.70) and recorded
a
loss of Rs 2.64 lakh ($3,700) in the year ending 31 March 2018. Messages and
calls to Kapil Sibal went unanswered.
All eyes on Veecon
The reason for the Sibalsã€ interest in Veecon is obviousã€"Veecon is the proud
owner of a TV news licence. But what of Veecon :tself?
The directors of the company are listed as Jaswant Kumar Srivastava and Lalit
Kumar Srivastava. According to the Veecon Media spokesperson, the two primarily
run a security systensãe™ business, tried and failed in a music venture, and
have held two TV channel permits from the I&B ministry since 2009.
But despite having these permits, Veeconã€™s television business hasnã€ been
anything to write home about. Kaatyayani TV has just one
offeringâC"live broadcasts of the proceedings at Aadya Katyayani Chhatarpur
Temple in Delhi. While the &€œAoout section on the channel&e"s website
claime it has a viewarship of 60 million, it downgrades that claim to 30 million
in a subsequent paragraph. Choudhry of Veecon clarified that the 60 million
number is accurate, however, The Ken was unable to independently verify this.
Veecon Mediaã€"s other channel started life in 2009 as Shri Newsã€"a Hindi news
channel based in Uttar Pradesh. However, says the Veecon Media spokesperson, the
charnel was moved to south India and rechiistened Harvest TV in 2016 after it
lost a lot of money. According to data sourced from 7ofler, Veecon Media and
Broadcasting recorded a loss of Rs 37 lakh ($51,800) in FY18, down from Rs 1.3
crore (~S182,0001 in FYI7.A
The only other time Veecon ever truly surtaced in the media before Marvest TV
was when, seemingly out of nowhere, Veecon Media and Television (a sister
company of Veecon Media and Brcadcasting swooped in to buy Anil Ambani-led
Reliance Communicationsã€* DTH business in November 2017. Arter initially flying
solo on the deal, Veecon Media and Television would Later partner with Pantel
Technologies. But despite media reports claiming a deal was imminent, it never
actually came to fruition. A Veecon Media spokesperson confirmed that the
company had pulled out of the deal, leaving Pantel the sole-owner of the DTH
bus'ness. Messages and calls to Pantel chairman and nanaging director Vijender
Singh went unanswered. Incidentally, Pantela€™s Vijender Singh is also an
add:tional director in Veecon Media and Television.
One former employee summed up the companyãe™s various media plans.
company has tried to do a lot vith media and entertainment, but couldnã€™t find
a hook, ae- he said.A
220
Sational 257427 od
Page Nc. 5
Scanned with CamScanner
