2838
Chat With Romi Ramgaria
Many at top BCCL management said that Bose has been pilloried over the scandals
involving his two men TOI executive Diwakar Asthana and his deputy Rajeev
Deshpande who directly report to him. Bose is likely to continue in his given
role but the company is firm on releasing expensive deadwood like Asthana and
Deshpande to infuse fresh energy
Apart from them, the incumbent managing editor Rohit Saran has been retained
despite his persistence over personal reasons to quit but vill be in a
consulting role to help the oynergics between print and digital editions of
flagship brands and help the company find ways to monetise them.
A set of 361 icems containing recorded tepes of Asthona with corcenshote of
social media app exchanges were earlier supplied to cop executives of the group
individually as well first family members.
The context of conversations has ranged between favouring NSA moves over
extraditions and Kashmir plans post article 370 while specific instances were
made in his successful frent page coverages to ensure he overshedowed Union home
minister Amit Shah. In lieu, Asthana its believed also sought help for 11
sleuths and officials working in foreign postings.
The conversations, ics believed, also range with news plants by Asthana seeking
change of guards in several units of BJP including Delhi, Nest Bengal and
Himachal Pradesh and discontentment over selection of J P Nadda by Shah as
saffron outfitã€™s new choice.
One of the conversation, it is also believed that Asthana sought interference
over an NPA account of a Ghaziabad-based packaging firm facing liquidity crisis
and being giver a tender AT an IT unit under a cop ministry.
Its unclear if BCCL management and the family is looking to terminate contracts
for both Asthana and Deshpande right away over their ages and scandals but
specific messages were relayed by the esteemed office of Prime Minister between
February 16 and May 7 on Asthana&e™s unwanted involvement in the partyãe™s
functioning and change of portfolioe of ministries of trade and commerce, hivil
aviation, urban development, steel and external affairs.
The executives also confirmed that June will be ace a third salary cut to align
its skewed Rs 390-crore monthly expenditure spread disproportionate assets and
workforce.
The group has also finalised its decision to terminate all extensions of its
consultants, both above 55 and those with salaries above Rs 1 crore, while
believing thats imprudent to squander wealth on news collection while focussing
on nurturing inexpensive talent.
Top BCCL executives have confirmed that the despite companyae"s robust fiscal
health amid global crisis that has shut several businesses across the world, it
will resume its powerful pull-out of the Delhi Times (DT) even chough the
circulation in Maharashtra of its broadsheet and entertainment supplement is yet
to begin.
5/31/20, 12:24 PM - PDGÃO: Saw this? No idea if it's fake
5/31/20, 12:24 PM - PDGÃO: Looks someone internal is planting these
ZTHET dy
Page No- 305
Baliow
29 of
oN
Scanned with CamScanner
