2907
Chat With Vikas Aidem
Network to pursue a trademark lawsuit independently, which the network says it
is going to do.l In the interim, Veocon will continue using the Harvest
Television logo. The I&B ministry refused to comment on the matter as it is sub-
judice. The Ken reached out to Barkha Dutt and Karan Thapar for comment; beth
directed us LO full-time executives et Harvest TV. Meacages and calle to Scemi
Pasha, senior executive editor at Harvest TV, and e-mails to company executives
Varun Das and Vishnu Shankar went unanswered.
Crowded out
Given that the I&B ministry has thus far ignored Veeconãe™s application to
change the name of its channel, itã€™s unlikely that this vill happen in the
near future. If at all. If this proves true, Veecon will have no option but to
fight and win the trademark battle against Harvest Television Network. But even
if Veecon and its channel make it past these struggles, an even more daunting
challenge awaitsãe"the unforgiving battle for TV news supremacy.Â
&€ceNews is a good business, but it depends on how you run it and how stable your
audiences are. English is a small part of overall TV news media but it can
command good advertising rates, It all depends on how you well you position your
channel.86*
ASHISH PHERWANI, PARTNER AND HRAD, ADVISORY, MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT AT
CONSULTING FIRM EY
Nowa channelc in India struggle to make money This is particularly true for
English news channels, which account for less than 1% of the total news
viewership in India. Regional and Hindi news channels manage to survive by
leveraging vast audience bases and keeping cooto low. A
ã€oNews television is madly crowded. You donã€ make meaningful subscription
revenue because the news channels ale cheag. Adzertizing is the only real cource
of revenue. And for that, you need audiences, ã€. says Chintaman: Rao,
independent media consultant and forner vice-chairmar of Times Global
Broadcasting Limited. The exact revenue numbers of news channels are difficult
to pinpoint as most media companies group multiple channels under a single
entity, and the cost of investment can vary, depending on the scale a channel
operates on.A
Veeconã€™s original plan vas to launch a Hindi news channel (after the current
English channel), followed by regional ones. To do so, Veecon would need a lot
of investment to hit the ground running, according to the Veecon spokesperson.
&€œItãems tough to say whether this is a sustainable venture beyond & point
unless money is coming from a good chunk of politica: sources, a€. says the
editor quoted earlier. &€eHaving said that, there needs to be an intention to
exist beyond the elections. ã€-A A
And while Veecon may clain to have the best of intentions, its actions donã€™t
necessarily resonate with This assertion. Veeconã€™s choices thus far showcase a
company hurrying to meet short-term goals rather than laying a sturdy base for
future expansion. While the company claims it has applied for three nore channel
permissions from the I&B ministry to execute its multilingual ambitions, what it
really expects out cf this is anybody&€™s guess. Given that the company hasnã€
been able to obtain a simple name change approval for an existing channel,
XBIGI
STRECK big
Page No.7
Sational QOY od of
Scanned with CamScanner
