2819
Chat With Romil Ramgaria
collection and processing would bring in new technologies, new rasearch
methodologies, new methods in analysis, new and better ways to ensure better
data quality
3.10 BARC should be at an armã€™s length from its own subsidiary, Meterology
Data Pvt Itd., which is the sole data collecting agency for BARC, as of now; so
that the entire process of measurement is carried out independently to ensure
inherent checks in data inconsistency, i.e., there should be a clear demarcation
of the roles between the data collection agency and the data
processinç/publishing agency.
3.11 Efforts may be made to withhold the identity of the channel&€™s name, and
number, while collecting and processing the data from the field to bring more
transparency in the complete process.
36
3.12 BARC should also separate its functions in two unils (a) one unit should be
responsible for prescribing methodology of ratings/validation of data,
publishing the data and audit mechanism and (b) the other unit for processing
the data, watermarking or any other such technical work including management of
data collection agencies.
3.13 Once multiple agencies come forvard for rating, BARC should limit its role
to publishing the ratings, and framing methodology and audit mechanism for the
rating agencies, so that the number of agencies can develop multiple rating
system leveraging new technologies.
3.14 The rating agency should be mandated to increase the sample size from the
existing 14,000 to 60,000 by the end of 2020, and 1, 00, 000 by the end of 2022
using the existing technology.
3.15 BARC shall immediately conduct a study in collaboration with the Indian
Statistical Institute or any other institute of repute, to estinate the
appropriate sample size, and to get the correct representation of the viewership
including regional and niche channels. Sample size once increased; it will make
the data tampering an arduous exercise. On the basis of the study conducted,
DARC should reach the target of reaching the sample size in a time-bcund manner.
3.16 There should be some financial disincentives prescribed as penal provisions
including the cancellation of registration, if the specified target is not met
by BARC.
3.10 MIB should amend the DTH License and MSO registration so as to mandate STBs
capable of transferring viewership data and adoption of RPD technolocy. This
transfer or data can be done by establishing a return path/connection from STB
to the
37
remote servers of the Audience Measurement agency.
3.18 Anonymized viewership data should be transferred electronically to the
Audience Measurement agency for statistical analysis and Television Rating
purpose. No data from any STB should be transferred to Rating agency without
explicit consent from the subscribers
3.19 DPOs should be allowed to mutually negotiate the terms and conditions for
sharing the data with Measurement Rating agency with:n the overall framework
prescribed by TRAI from time to time. Such framework shall be prescribed by TRAI
once these recommendations are accepted by MIB.
3.20 BARC should keep all relevant data such as original data (meter- level
data) arising out of the household panel, the data deleted/ignored/not
considered for ratirgs and--the resplatent processed data fcr TRP rating at least
TPHET
3/1994
Sectival
B255
Page No- 286
od
Scanned with CamScanner
